README.md, before:

# NewYearNewFit

> Many people struggle to stick to a workout routine, whether it's due to their tedious work schedule, school, or other outside forces beyond their control. Another reason is that many people plan to hit the gym, but don't really have an organized routine. They go from 0-100 and burn out in weeks, or they get hurt. People also quit because they want to lose weight, not realizing that going to the gym and working out, no matter how intense, does not cause weight loss. It's diet that causes weight loss or weight gain.

> This app aims to simplify the process and help people based on their goals and desires. When people have access to the right information, it makes their lives much easier. This app has several key features that users will find very useful. It allows the user to pick the level of difficulty for the workout they want, then it will display instructions on how to do the workout as well as a video demonstrating how to do the workout. If the user wants a more individualized lesson plan and nutrition plan, they can contact me directly and fill out a form about what their goals are. It also tells the user how many calories they need to consume daily to maintain, gain, or lose weight. The user can also track how many calories the food they ate contains so they can track how much they already consumed.

> In the future, I plan on adding a calendar to the app where the user can have a diary where they can log anything daily, whether it's text, video, or audio. I also plan on adding a 'fun mode' to the app which will allow the users to do random workouts based on the difficulty selected in 3-minute bursts. A timer will count down until they are finished with their workout. The user can decide how many sets they want to do. If they decide to do one set, they can rest however long they want. If they decide to do multiple sets, they will get a one-minute break in between each set.

> The home page contains four tabs: "home", "main", "about", and "contact." Every page will contain these tabs. On the right side of the page, next to the image is an API that will refresh every time the user refreshes or goes back to the home page. On the bottom right is a "Get Started" button, which will bring the user to the "main" page.

> The main page will allow the user to select a body part they wish to workout as well as a difficulty level, and display instructions for that workout as well as a video that shows them how to do the workout. The page also contains a 'calorie converter' that will tell the user the number of daily calories they need to consume in order to maintain, lose, or gain weight. The converter works for both US and metric units. On the bottom of the page is a widget that allows the user to input a food and it will tell them how many calories that food contains per serving.

> The about page discusses the app's features as well as the plan for the future of the app. The contact me page would allow the user to contact me for a more specialized plan.

Do a netlify and do a link tag in the readme

Commit message:

Added zoom link explaining my project

README.md, after:

# NewYearNewFit

> Many people struggle to stick to a workout routine, whether it's due to their tedious work schedule, school, or other outside forces beyond their control. Another reason is that many people plan to hit the gym, but don't really have an organized routine. They go from 0-100 and burn out in weeks, or they get hurt. People also quit because they want to lose weight, not realizing that going to the gym and working out, no matter how intense, does not cause weight loss. It's diet that causes weight loss or weight gain.

> This app aims to simplify the process and help people based on their goals and desires. When people have access to the right information, it makes their lives much easier. This app has several key features that users will find very useful. It allows the user to pick the level of difficulty for the workout they want, then it will display instructions on how to do the workout as well as a video demonstrating how to do the workout. If the user wants a more individualized lesson plan and nutrition plan, they can contact me directly and fill out a form about what their goals are. It also tells the user how many calories they need to consume daily to maintain, gain, or lose weight. The user can also track how many calories the food they ate contains so they can track how much they already consumed.

> In the future, I plan on adding a calendar to the app where the user can have a diary where they can log anything daily, whether it's text, video, or audio. I also plan on adding a 'fun mode' to the app which will allow the users to do random workouts based on the difficulty selected in 3-minute bursts. A timer will count down until they are finished with their workout. The user can decide how many sets they want to do. If they decide to do one set, they can rest however long they want. If they decide to do multiple sets, they will get a one-minute break in between each set.

> The home page contains four tabs: "home", "main", "about", and "contact." Every page will contain these tabs. On the right side of the page, next to the image is an API that will refresh every time the user refreshes or goes back to the home page. On the bottom right is a "Get Started" button, which will bring the user to the "main" page.

> The main page will allow the user to select a body part they wish to workout as well as a difficulty level, and display instructions for that workout as well as a video that shows them how to do the workout. The page also contains a 'calorie converter' that will tell the user the number of daily calories they need to consume in order to maintain, lose, or gain weight. The converter works for both US and metric units. On the bottom of the page is a widget that allows the user to input a food and it will tell them how many calories that food contains per serving.

> The about page discusses the app's features as well as the plan for the future of the app. The contact me page would allow the user to contact me for a more specialized plan.


> [Click here](https://elegant-pithivier-8639db.netlify.app/) to view my portfolio project.

[Click here](https://us06web.zoom.us/rec/share/IbUvHR2wWVJ7e8UlW7TAQiNd5Z9jFYjhhGVpG4Iv6__AJt-qkF0avU9v-NWIwKXK.npUymQRk8fMNG6D6) to view a video where I explain the functionality of my project. Pass code: ZAvP7hE*
